---
ID: 339
post_title: 'Readout &#8211; 7/14/2019'
author: ng23055
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  http://midmichiganjournal.com/readout-7-14-2019
published: true
post_date: 2019-07-14 13:52:49
---
Welcome to this week’s episode of The Readout. Here is a selection of top headlines from the previous week. If you have news that you would like to share, send information or completed articles to editor@midmichiganjournal.com.
<h2>Information needed for online business directory</h2>
<h2>Published July 3 2019</h2>
The <i>Mid Michigan Journal </i>is collecting information for businesses and organizations from around the central Michigan area. Interested participants can use the form here to submit their information and have it published on the <i>Mid Michigan Journal </i>site for free.

Anybody with questions can contact Jon Morgan, editor/publisher of the <i>Mid Michigan Journal </i>at editor@midmichiganjournal.com or by phone at (989) 488-8207.
<h2>Summer time safety tips for children and vehicles</h2>
<h2>Published July 6 2019</h2>
It’s summertime, which means we, as parents and caregivers, need to be extra cautious when traveling with children. Unfortunately, the country has seen 17 deaths due to Pediatric Vehicular Heatstroke already this year, and that number is bound to climb. Here are some tips to on how to keep your child safe this summer, as suggested by NoHeatStroke.org:
<ul>
 	<li>Never leave a child unattended in a vehicle. not even for a minute !</li>
 	<li>If you see a child unattended in a hot vehicle call 9-1-1.</li>
 	<li>Be sure that all occupants leave the vehicle when unloading. don’t overlook sleeping babies.</li>
 	<li>Always lock your car and ensure children do not have access to keys or remote entry devices. teach children that vehicles are never to be used as a play area.</li>
 	<li>If a child is missing, always check the pool first, and then the car, including the trunk.</li>
 	<li>Keep a stuffed animal in the carseat and when the child is put in the seat place the animal in the front with the driver. or place your purse, briefcase or cell phone in the back seat as a reminder that you have your child in the car.</li>
 	<li>make “look before you leave” a routine whenever you get out of the car.</li>
 	<li>Have a plan that your childcare provider will call you if your child does not show up for school.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Get answers to your pet care questions</h2>
<h2>Published July 6 2019</h2>
Share your questions or suggested topics related to animals and pet care by clicking on the “Pet Questions” link on the <i>Mid Michigan Journal </i>website, or sending an email to petcare@midmichiganjournal.com. Dalis Hitchcock will be responding to your questions via a new series of articles.
<h2>Driver taken to hospital after rolling car during stock car race</h2>
<h2>Published July 13 2019</h2>
Gabrielle Susdorf is in the hospital for injuries sustained after crashing her car during the 4 cylinder stock car competition at the Mount Pleasant Speedway Friday night. Chris Ryan, who attended the race, said that Susdorf’s car flipped approximately six times during the crash. Susdorf is currently being treated at Saginaw Covenant Hospital for injuries.

The Mount Pleasant Speedway posted photos of Susdorf’s car and a message asking its racing family to wish Susdorf a speedy recovery.

“Sending this young lady and her family thoughts and prayers for a speedy recovery,” Ryan posted on his Facebook profile. “One thing I always count on is seeing Gabrielle’s smile every Friday at the pit booth.”

Susdorf is among the youngest drivers to compete in the 4 cylinder class for stock cars.

<em>And, finally</em>
<h2>Annual Shepherd Area Historical Society Ice Cream Social and band concert attracted large crowd</h2>
<h2>Published July 13 2019</h2>
The Shepherd Area Historical Society held its annual ice cream social on the lawn between the Powerhouse Museum and the Village park on July 8 at 6 p.m. Afterwards, the crowd which had gathered was treated to a live performance by the Central Michigan Area Concert Band.&nbsp; See photos on the Mid Michigan Journal website.

Thank you for listening. Future episodes of The Readout can be found on both the Mid Michigan Journal website and&nbsp; Spotify.